dbt environment (#8643)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/dbt-environment.md

id: dbt-environment
---

:::info 

> The `dbt environment` command is available in the <Constant name="cloud_cli" />. It is not supported in <Constant name="core" />.

Reviewer: sugg making it a bit more clearer and adding guidance for fusion
```suggestion
The dbt platform CLI provides the `dbt environment` command for environment and connection details. If you're using <Constant name="fusion" /> or <Constant name="core" />, use `dbt debug` to inspect profile, target, and connection &mdash; or use `dbtf debug` if you have more than one dbt CLI and want to inspect <Constant name="fusion" />.
```

Reviewer: adding dbt platform cli per convo here https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C01DP29FJTY/p1770979170875279

> If you are using <Constant name="core" />, you can use [dbt debug](/reference/commands/debug) to inspect your active profile, target, and connection configuration instead.

Reviewer: if you agree with the above suggestion, this section should prob be removed

> If you are using <Constant name="core" />, you can use [dbt debug](/reference/commands/debug) to inspect your active profile, target, and connection configuration instead.

Author: ```suggestion
```
